we're here today gospel gymnastics for
the acro state team training event our
gymnasts are running through their
routines and taking part in some team
bonding activities so let's go take a
closer look
we're here with le the acro team manager
for New South Wales how we all looking
today Oh looking fantastic we're getting
all together and team bonding with other
clubs we've won the overall acro shield
quite a few years in a row do you think
looking good for that again this year
yeah well it's getting harder and harder
now because Queensland is really our is
a state that's coming up to challenges
but I'm sure with this group here we're
here with Emily from gospel gymnastics
who's one of our Vice captains for the
acro state team Emily what's it like to
take on that leadership role for the new
south wales team um it's an honor and I
feel privileged and I hope that I could
be a great leader to the rest of the
people on the team today we're running
through some of the routines so what's
it like to get that feedback from their
judges um well we just did our balance
you're doing for the judges and they
give up lots of constructive feedback
and it's great because we can go back
and work on these things now and
hopefully improve a nationalist now as
the vice have to meet you've probably
had a look at what's going on here today
so how do you think the team is coming
together I'm very excited and very happy
to have such a great team and be
vice-captain 14 um some of the routines
I've seen today are amazing
and I can't wait to get to Nationals and
blitzes
Aaron we're here at state team training
today how you enjoying coming together
with all the other clubs looking forward
to the Australian championships this
year yeah we've got maddie here who's in
our senior trio from SXL Maddie you're
quite experienced at this now how many
Australian championships have you been
to um this is my seventh Australian
challenges Thank You seventh mmm what's
uh what's the best thing I got competing
for New South Wales um probably like
meeting all the people and then
adrenaline rush when you actually
compete and then definitely the sense of
achievement what's the best thing you
like about acrobatic gymnastics um that
it's a team sports that's like what
things never alone and I'm just like
having lots of fun as well Ashley this
is your third Australian championships
are you looking forward to this year yes
I am it's really exciting you were a
national champion last year now how did
that feel it's all really great to him
and what do you thinks the best thing
about doing accurate um it's fun and I
consciousness I'm looking forward to the
national championships in general oh
it's going to be awesome I think it's
going to be one of its one of the
biggest events that the new south wales
put up and
stop life
keep up to date with all our state teams
by following our Facebook Twitter and
Instagram pages and why you here
subscribe to the YouTube channel the
Australian championships will take place
from the 7th to the 18th of July so make
sure you get for finding our teams and
support them tickets are on sale at
gymnastics toppled a you we hope to see
you there